# ProjectUpdateDetail

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Url** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Related** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**SummaryFields** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Created** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Modified** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** |  | [default to null]
**Description** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**LocalPath** | **string** | Local path (relative to PROJECTS_ROOT) containing playbooks and related files for this project. | [optional] [default to null]
**ScmType** | **string** | Specifies the source control system used to store the project. | [optional] [default to SCM_TYPE.EMPTY]
**ScmUrl** | **string** | The location where the project is stored. | [optional] 
**ScmBranch** | **string** | Specific branch, tag or commit to checkout. | [optional] 
**ScmRefspec** | **string** | For git projects, an additional refspec to fetch. | [optional] 
**ScmClean** | **bool** | Discard any local changes before syncing the project. | [optional] [default to false]
**ScmTrackSubmodules** | **bool** | Track submodules latest commits on defined branch. | [optional] [default to false]
**ScmDeleteOnUpdate** | **bool** | Delete the project before syncing. | [optional] [default to false]
**Credential** | **int32** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Timeout** | **int32** | The amount of time (in seconds) to run before the task is canceled. | [optional] [default to null]
**ScmRevision** | **string** | The SCM Revision discovered by this update for the given project and branch. | [optional] [default to null]
**UnifiedJobTemplate** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**LaunchType** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ExecutionEnvironment** | **int32** | The container image to be used for execution. | [optional] [default to null]
**Failed** | **bool** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Started** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time the job was queued for starting. | [optional] [default to null]
**Finished** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time the job finished execution. | [optional] [default to null]
**CanceledOn** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time when the cancel request was sent. | [optional] [default to null]
**Elapsed** | **string** | Elapsed time in seconds that the job ran. | [optional] [default to null]
**JobArgs** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**JobCwd** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**JobEnv** | [***interface{}**](interface{}.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**JobExplanation** | **string** | A status field to indicate the state of the job if it wasn&#x27;t able to run and capture stdout | [optional] [default to null]
**ExecutionNode** | **string** | The node the job executed on. | [optional] [default to null]
**ResultTraceback** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EventProcessingFinished** | **bool** | Indicates whether all of the events generated by this unified job have been saved to the database. | [optional] [default to null]
**LaunchedBy** | [***LaunchedBy**](Launched by.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**WorkUnitId** | **string** | The Receptor work unit ID associated with this job. | [optional] [default to null]
**Project** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**JobType** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to JOB_TYPE.CHECK]
**JobTags** | **string** | Parts of the project update playbook that will be run. | [optional] 
**HostStatusCounts** | **string** | A count of hosts uniquely assigned to each status. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlaybookCounts** | **string** | A count of all plays and tasks for the job run. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

